<p>The Dollie Clone Series by Lynn Hershman Leeson (1995-1998) is work that consists of two dolls CyberRoberta and Tillie in which people online can access internet cams through the perspective of the dolls eyes. CyberRoberta is based on Hershman’s alter ego Roberta Breitmore, a fictional character, while Tillie, the evil twin, is based on Hershman herself.  If the user chooses to, the dolls can movie their heads and changer their view. </p>

<p>The interesting thing about these dolls is that instead of viewing a typical subject on an online camera, the viewer is the subject in which one see’s the dolls perspective. This idea forces one to acknowledge in a creepy way what it’s like to be a subject that’s being viewed rather than a just viewer watching the subject at hand. The feeling of typically being watched in public is nerve wrecking, and I believe that this plays a fine example of that.  However, the limited view itself is also uneasy, because as you view this perspective you want to explore more of the room. The rotating head allows us to vie the room but we cannot do more than that. Curiosity strikes, one may want to explore the room. </p>

<p>On another note, this sort of reminded me of the myth of the black-eyed children and demons. As the dolls resemble the black-eyed children, there instance particularly in which the two dolls can view each other. When their view crosses path, the user view is switched to the other doll. This plays on idea on identity. In a way, it is also like playing on the idea of demonic possession and shifting split personalities. </p>

<p>In a way by using technology this fashion, one becomes more like a cyborg. Net Art sort of explains this; as we gain the view of the doll we become the doll, yet using this technology we allowing technology to be part of us. This idea of humans being or becoming cyborgs is not a just a fantasy, for there are other ways that this is carried through. For instance, the we all use technology every day of our lives. Sometimes we wear or carry our technology in which we cannot live without it.  Our phones are an example of that. The phones is extends our communication skills, sense of directions, ands sometimes our sight. As apps become more sophisticated, we can extend our sight through our phones via real time survalliance camera feed that is streaming from out homes. This idea of becoming cyborgs is just one of the ideas that these dolls bring to mind. </p>