The first piece that I chose to examine from the Rhizome home page would be “Mezengelle”, by the Australian writer/poet Mez Breeze, whereas their background is completely relevant to the piece.  Breeze make use of a programming algorithm, presumably some sort of loop to iterate through words and shuffle them into a new string in order to give new meaning.  Furthermore, the final output resembles something of a poem which is interesting as this gives the impression that the piece contains the artist’s soul exists within this piece given the poetic intention.  Overall, the aesthetic of the piece is enhanced by a screen shot taken by the terminal like interface which I suppose was the tech savvy way of checking email in 1998 (even though surely email clients existed by then).

Even more interesting is that complex web technologies including JavaScript were only just emerging and yet artists were already coming up with ways to generate the same kind of logic present in the more bare bones languages like C and C++.  Likewise, it does not only create a mash of words but it also dumps in character typically found in programming languages such as brackets, periods, and semi colons.  I would certainly like to see what a mockup of this would like using current web technology, the logic that is possible now as well as the visual enhancements that could be used to preserve the aesthetic and yet also give clues that it was made using modern tools.  

The intention of the piece in summation I believe has some introductory sense of what artificial intelligence would become in the future that is now our present.  A simple algorithm in the 1990’s could achieve generating something poetic and still manage to preserve a realistic sense of humanity.  Today, with machine learning, artificial intelligence can achieve a similar end goal but with a more eerie accuracy.  On another end, perhaps current artificial intelligence was not too imaginable at the time, so if I had to guess any other intention on Breeze’s part, I would have to say they might’ve just wanted to inspire a wow factor with emerging technologies, and inspire others who are in other fields to make use of it while implementing their already existing expertise.  Likewise, poetry certainly took its place in the piece as the brief lines of text and the abstract combination of abstract word usage was enough to make anyone deem this as some form of “cyber poetry” if this is even a proper term.
