There was many pieces to choose from but the one that really called out to me was the “Cyberfeminist manifesto for the 21st century” and the reason it called out to me was really the aesthetics and the fact that I have always found the term “cyberfeminist” kind of odd and yet funny at the same time because of the many ways that it could be interpreted.  Starting with the piece itself, the writing itself highly resembles the rebellious nature of traditional feminism as I have become fond of, but what’s more unique about the piece is the way that it is represented.  Without having first read the synopsis of the piece, it reminded me of one of those really bad meme photoshops that professor James would have us do in Art 74.  

But more in the thought process that the author Josephine Starrs meant for, the piece not only addresses male oriented societal norms but it is also meant to look like some sort of propaganda advertisement which is typical of ads from companies promoting male growth, sexual enhancement for males, etc.  I enjoyed this sort of satirical approach due to the fact that females are often made to look intellectually inferior to men but this piece presents a new clever, and meaningful way to fight the stereotypes which are far from true.

What’s more interesting is that there were numerous visual representations of the piece.  The piece was also distributed on a variety of mediums, such as standard print, billboards, and even posters.  And in all of these mediums, the same qualities mentioned above were preserved but a lot of them were different from each other, making use of different images and colors, but always keeping the same warped looking sphere containing the manifesto, the only difference being that its color adapted to the background.  

This piece was not a mere means to inspire other prospective cyberfeminists, but ultimately it was inspiring for other artists to practice similar means of digital art, where spinoffs and similar satires started to appear mimicking the nature of this 1991 piece.  The last thing in my mind after reading through the details of the piece was: what was the response to the piece when receive through both digital and traditional methods.  Did people brush it off as spam or did they see it for the satire that it was meant to be for those who it was being addressed to?
