Screenfull is a nostalgia piece of artwork that reference to the constant information overlay that we have been getting in current 21th century. The website, from what the video express, is blog created with constant overload of different information: videos, images, gif, text and replies, audio tracks, etc. It is a bundle of different information all together that just regenerate and destroy at every second, causing the server or even the computer to crash. The website is an extreme version created to show the constant infinity of the networking system, and how it just constantly goes through new information everything, constantly renewing. It felt semi like it’s a biography of current remix culture, to create and mix within a certain element, and hope to confuse the brain into a satisfying mush.<br><br>

I enjoyed the website a lot, hating it for its lagging and crashiness, but loving it for its overflowing of information. I enjoy the fact that the generation is processing its information a lot faster than how us humans can handle it, it’s becoming so abundant that we are not taking in the full experience of having a giant wall of mixed media culture slamming into the viewers face. One of the quote I relate a lot with is Rick Silva’s “Screenfull still reminds me of that era of the internet; myspace, file sharing…. endless media of scrolling, looping, popping up, auto playing, crashing.”<br><br>
Such an abundance of information all together, and it was created by humans alone. We let the creative freedom take over and create what was in “hype”, causing the constant merging of the exact same thing, just remixed. If there is a website later like Screenfull, it would be a constant documentation of “memes” that has been reedited and changed. <br><br>
Truly think about the idea of constant information overlay however, that is still happening to this day. We create and put as much content within a single object until it can’t take it anymore. We add on to our blogs, edit our life onto facebook, and put out as much information as we can to overthrow the little things in our life. We try to see through the smaller things in life and understand them, but breaks down when it comes together as a bigger prompt. It’s a craziness of having our lives being seen, that causes us to barf out so much information; it’s the overflowing of internet availability, the easy access to editing, the pride of creating something totally “ours”. These are what many might argue for the reason we would create a site like Screenfull. However, it is just our own self that decided that, yes, more is always good. 
