Velvet-Strike created by Anne-Marie Schleiner, Joan Leandre, and Brody Condon (2002) is a modification that could be applied to the online video game Counter-Strike. The modification adds “sprays” to the game that speaks out anti-war sentiments. “Sprays” are images that are plastered onto walls mid-game by the use of the game’s graffiti function. 

I really like the fact that people were trying to merge what was occurring in the outside world into a virtual space. This mod was created as a response to the United State’s declaration of the “War on Terror” after the attacks on September 11th. It promoted anti-war messages in a game where people are at war. I think the irony works well as a catalyst for dialogue. It allows people who enjoy playing a videogame, that is violent in nature, to protest real life violence. These people are able to bring up the conversation that at the end of the day it is just a video game and the people who play violent video games don’t promote violence in everyday life. I think it is a powerful thing to do. It breaks the assumption that many people hold towards those that play action based, shooter video games. It allows videogames to become another outlet of expression and to promote ideological views. It can be a catalyst for a bigger conversation and allow a broader audience to discuss or at least promote where they stand on subjects in the small and subtle ways. 

I enjoy the concept, goals, and the larger message that this piece speaks. It is great that they tried to merge to spaces that are generally separated. Its execution is done well as it is a simple way to spread a simple message. I like its subtlety. 

It’s a shame that you can’t do much things like this in video games anymore. In the newer iterations of the game Counter Strike, in official servers you can only use purchased graffiti from the game’s creator. Its seen as a way for the game’s company to make more profit. There are other public servers you can use to be able to customize your sprays but even then the amount of people who do use it is severely limited. I think it is because sprays are such a minor part of the game and it doesn’t matter. Also, the graffiti function was recently re-added to the game. 

