Michael Yue
	

	The net art, Floodnet, to me appearing similar to a mundane Photoshop collage, except it is in the web form. Throughout the pictures may be provoking many political and historical issues that happened back at the 1960s; the content in this work that I believe that it is somewhat controversial. From my own perspective, the content may be about political or civil disobedience and racial tensions that happened in the previous decades. Besides the dark colors mesmerizes the gloomy ages of discrimination and strong political opinions, this content strongly emphasizes the situation that it is happening now.  The collage showed a significant demonstration on the ideas of political repression and tension towards society. The collage of the artist’s work questions to the contemporary art,  which draws an idea of how can art embraces political movement, and can art be a “weapon” of change.  Overall, this piece of artwork describes the idea of social change in the society as to witness its unfairness and inequality of bigots and supremacist.  This collage of net art amazes me of how this piece conveys its meaning with just simple and mundane collage.  In this art, the artist adapted strong political knowledge and breadth facts about the seriousness and consequences. Throughout the art, this piece shows the most meaning out of all the pieces since the collage portrayed multiple ideas that combined into a single idea.  In this sense, the mesmerizing dark color tone overshadows the definition of political repression as well as its oppressiveness. 
	 In technical terms, the user interface is quite simple, few button and one clicks. Graphics were lacking of high-definition and it is plagued with pixelated images as if the images were smothered. This artist used quite simple user interface since he or she allows users to conveniently point-and-click then go to one of the links; it is convenient, yet, it can be lack of sophistication of artistic quality and content. The simplistic quality undermines the content and the artwork of the collage, eventually it will corrupt its storytelling details.  Another aspect that I will point to is that,  low quality images can ruin the complexity in the artistic details as well as the narrative details.  Overall, this artist made a powerful and complex point of view of politics within the clumps of different images that existed in the collages; and it shows the turning point of the social justice for the society.
