{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Eduardo Reyes S.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Blanton Andrew
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Art 107 Sec 01
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Reading 1
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Reading One - The File Room
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	Antoni Muntada along his team created a unique exhibition and installation titled 
\i The File Room. 
\i0 With this unique name, one can assume that the artwork is some type of room filled with lots of important historical files; however there are no physical files or historic books to be seen around. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 	This installation was first made public in the year 1994, and it aimed to preserve records of past cases of censorship, and release them back to the public through the World Wide Web. Though, its initial goal of releasing censored material was difficult to complete; this installation somehow predicted the future of the 
\i World Wide Web. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	
\i0 In a period where public television ruled the Media, and the 
\i World Wide Web 
\i0 was in its initial stage, no one dared to question 
\i Censorship
\i0 . However, this exhibition used a newly discovered platform to release media that was often censored on already existing media.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2  Even though the installation was a new idea, it was way ahead of its time since it predicted the way material would be managed. New material such as documents, photos, and language was now able to be distributed easily on this platform by the community and anyone that could access it. This was an idea in the year 1994, but through the years a new type of digital archive was created that resembled this project, this new platform was Wikipedia. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	Archives could now be easily accessed, but only if you had access to a computer or the world wide web. Limited archives where public, but hard to access. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 In this project, one can see that even though there are ways to share media, it is also very limited. This installation is one of the first interactive projects created, similar to wikipedia, it allows the public to access and update content without deleting the history behind it.
\f1\fs24 \
}